c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.exe
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.pdb
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.Form1.resources
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.exe
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.pdb
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.exe.licenses
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v17.2.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.xml
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DALL.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\assid\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DALL.pdb
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.exe
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.pdb
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.exe
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.pdb
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DALL.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v17.2.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DALL.pdb
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics\obj\Debug\NuageDesPointsCSharpGraphics.exe.licenses
